>> Brian Holt: Past.lazy.jsx,
at the top here.
So we're gonna import another one
up here called getPastOrder with no
S from ../api/getPastOrder.
We'll go code that up in just a second.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna import our modal as well.
Import Modal from ../Modal,
cool, all right.
>> Brian Holt: Everyone's favorite,
we're going to make another
currency converter here.
>> Brian Holt: NumberFormat en-US,
and style is currency.
>> Speaker 1: Would you just
put that in the utility?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, no, I think this
is the fourth time we've done it.
I'm already regretting my decisions.
All right, we're just doing it,
all right fine.
[LAUGH] We'll just do it,
useCurrency.jsx.
Don't say I never did anything for you.
Export default function useCurrency.
This is gonna take in some sort of price.
We're gonna have that all that stupid
stuff we keep writing over and
over again that everyone
keeps complaining about.
>> Brian Holt: .NumberFormat en-US.
It's gonna be style
currency currency USD.
And we're really just going
to return intl.format.
Is it format to price?
What is that, I gotta remember exactly.
It's just format.
Okay, format, price, okay?
Now instead of doing it this way,
we can say instead of here,
we can dump that business.
And our price is going to be
something like const price = use.
What did I call it?
>> Brian Holt: UseCurrencies,
is that what it's called?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, it's that.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, cool.
>> Brian Holt: UseCurrency and
I mean this is gonna be a little bit hairy
now because I actually have
this inside of a map, right?
In theory you shouldn't
use hooks that way, but
you'd be able to say like 15.10 here, and
now price would be
a properly formatted price.
So in this case, it's actually probably
not gonna be useful because we can't use
it inside of our map here.
So instead of making this a hook, probably
what you would do is you would just say
>> Brian Holt: const priceConverter =
>> Brian Holt: And then we'll say
intl.format price.
So I guess this is exactly the same thing.
It's just not a hook, right?
Is that the hook return the just I-N-T-L,
right, and
then Yeah, and
then you could just have this.
Here's the scone flow.
>> Brian Holt: Something like that, and
then now you kind of cover
both ways of doing it.
>> Brian Holt: All right,
now inside of past.lazy.jsx,
we can instead of getting
the useCurrency here.
We can also get the priceConverter and
then this actually will be useful to us.
So we're gonna make another hook up here,
which is focusedOrder.
So if a user clicks on one of the orders,
we want them to pop up with the modal and
see the details of that
particular past order.
So that's what
the focusedOrder is gonna be.
>> Brian Holt: UseState, again,
you can put anything here.
I just have this as empty,
which is gonna be undefined.
So focusedOrder is not gonna have
anything to it to begin with.
But feel free to put null or
whatever you want there.
>> Brian Holt: This is kind of a cool one.
All right, so we're gonna do
another query here from TanStack.
So const isLoading.
We have to call this something else
because isloading already exists here.
So we have to call this something
like isloadingPastOrder.
>> Brian Holt: That's all this is doing is
just renaming it to a different variable.
And data again is gonna be pastOrderData,
okay?
And that's gonna be equal to useQuery.
What's our query key gonna be?
It's got to be unique to
this particular order.
So it's gonna be pastOrder, and
we have to give it some
unique kind of key to it,
kind of like the keys
that we use in React.
Well, focusedOrder itself we know this
is gonna be unique to that particular
focusedOrder, so
we can use that as the query key.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, queryFunction,
it's just gonna be getPastOrder,
that one that we just imported
that we haven't written yet.
And it's gonna be focusedOrder.
>> Brian Holt: StaleTime.
>> Brian Holt: Now something
I said earlier in the course,
I did not use AI anywhere.
I'll confess I actually did use it here
cuz I wanted to find out how many seconds
are in a day, cuz I didn't wanna
do that math off top of my head.
So I said staleTime should be
one day in milliseconds.
>> Brian Holt: So that is one place I
did use it cuz I couldn't be bothered
to google it, that sounded hard.
>> Brian Holt: All right,
we do have one weird problem that you're
probably catching on to here, which is,
wait I don't have a focusedOrder
if there's no focusedOrder, right?
What happens if this runs on
the first page right now?
It's gonna go try and
request a focusedOrder for
something that doesn't exist yet.
So how do we prevent it from doing that?
We only wanna request something
if there is a focusedOrder.
And if there's not a focusedOrder,
then we don't want to, right?
That make sense?
Well, turns out they thought of that.
That's kinda cool.
You just put in this enabled, and
if there is a focusedOrder, then
you you will go out and grab something and
if there's not then you won't.
So you'll see my note here I
have a double exclamation point.
It's not that I'm just
excited about focused orders.
We've all seen if or
something like this if loading, right?
This means not loading, right?
This also has the fascinating feature
of turning this into a Boolean, right?
So this is actually literally false,
right?
So not loading is triple equal to false or
true if it is, right?
So what happens if I do not not loading?
It's just it's the same thing, but
it's turned into a Boolean, right?
So this is going to be either true or
false.
That's what the double
exclamation point means.
I do it, I understand that it's
kind of like a little opaque,
but it's common enough in coding
that I just keep doing it.
I don't think it's actually
even technically necessary.
I think this is just fine, but
that's why that's in there in my notes.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 2: To put it another way,
is it avoiding truthiness or
implied truthiness and
forcing like a full Boolean?
>> Brian Holt: Yes exactly, it's doing
the type coercion right here, right,
as opposed to letting
TanStack query do it.